# obsidian-stuff
You'll find a variety to templates, parts, snippets, CSS, and other things providing actual code or examples of how I've customized Obsidian for my specific needs. My goal here is 2 parts: 1) if you don't know markdown, bases, templater, dataview, quick add, meta bind, etc, you should be able to add these files into your vault without much fuss and have them work. 2) If you know enough about those plugins and languages that make Obsidian do more things (JavaScript), you can adapt what I provide to suit your purpose, modifying and changing to your hearts desire.

After my 2025 annual review, my priorities for my Obsidian system, which I call "META", have drastically changed. As such, much of the structure and processes within it have also drastically changed. If you've been using v1 of my system, just know that v3 isn't an "upgrade" and isn't a drag-and-drop replacement. It's a very big change in how META functions to serve my specific needs. If you're comfortable with all the plugins and how Obsidian generally operates, I'm confident that anyone could implement my v3 system to shift from v1. I mean, I'm not genius and I did it, lol. Having said that I always recommend that you **BACKUP YOUR VAULT BEFORE MESSING WITH THE SYSTEMS YOU USE TO FEED INPUTS, GENERATE OUTPUTS, AND/OR TRACK THINGS**

## V1.0
When I first attempted to make Obsidian into my project and task tracking app, I recognized I needed some templates, a bit of scripting, and some luck. Thankfully, there were some great resources that acted as my starting point. I implemented what I needed and reported bugs, and made PRs in various Git repositories to improve things for everyone. The v1.0 implementation of my system was born, and it served me very well for what I needed.

## V3.0
My updated system in my Obsidian vault, which I started building in March 2026. 



When you see a "3.0" in the subfolder readmes, that denotes things I'm implementing for the revised version of my vault. I'm using the ITS theme. Quite a bit is changing as I work to improve workflows, trim features, functionality, templates, etc. that I found little actual value in or didn't use enough to justify the resources. A big one is the erasure of my thousands of "book" notes since I was basically duplicating what I was already doing in Calibre. If I do have annotations and such in an ebooks, I can use a Calibre plugin to create specific notes. However, I ***DO NOT*** need to know all the books I've read and movies/shows I've watched so immediately that I need to have vault notes for each and every one of them just so I can see a pretty card view of them all. I thought it would be valuable, I really did, but it wasn't. As part of the 3.0 revision, I now have a much higher standard for what notes exist in my vault, and my "content justification reviews" are now ruthless.