I use Templater, Kanban, Tasks, MetaEdit, and QuickAdd plugins to make this part of my Obsidian run.

I've borrowed heavily from several sources for goal setting, project management, and task tracking. Most notably is Christian Houmann, who has a pretty slick method incorporating Kanban boards for goals and projects. It was a good jumping off point, but some of his stuff didn't work as advertised, and I'm not coder so it took some real effort to work through the JavaScript and dashboard queries to make something work smarter. That's what I have here. I'm not knocking what he's provided step-by-step for free, I just needed something a bit better. This is that.

I also tend to generally follow the hierarchy that Nicole van der Hoeven for goals, projects, and tasks and how they tie into periodic notes. She has excellent information concerning her Obsidian system on YouTube. I think she might even have a course or two, if that's your thing.

For me it looks like this larger to small:

BFGs (Big Fucking Goals) - The goals, the big things I want to accomplish, probably taking at least a year to do. They can be a bit aspirational, but that's okay, I use the smaller steps to get there. These are compartmentalized into areas of my life (AOLs), and tracked on the Goals Kanban board, which also ties into the Projects Kanban board. They are listed in the annual periodic note. Each BFG is a note generated by Templater.

Initiatives - 1 to 3 month-long focused efforts that chunk the BFG into achievable parts. These are listed in the monthly periodic notes.

Projects - These aren't necessarily "time based", but generally speaking, these are things that need to be accomplished, with an order of operation, to turn the initiatives into things that contribute to accomplishing the BFGs. These are tracked on the Projects Kanban board, which ties into the Goals Kanban board. Each project is a note, generated by Templater. I use the "SMARTER" mnemonic to makes sure the projects are effective.

Tasks - the actionable steps, with contexts, due dates, etc. that complete the projects. I use the task tag, which flags the Tasks plugin that it should pay attention to the task, to add the context. I tend to follow the GTD methodology for this and some of the other stuff. I've found it useful, but it's not everyone's cup of tea. I primarily track tasks in my sidebar which is configured as one large task dashboard pane, which houses the tasker.md note.

My home page (Dashboard.md) gives me a lot of information. Seriously, it's packed with info and links useful to me. It's not organized as well as I'd like, but there's only so much you (by you, I mean "I") can do with Obsidian. My priorities shift and so do the contents of this page. Generally speaking, it's dense iwth links to get me to the parts of Obsidian where I do the work, but also has some information about the status of things I want to watch more closely without clicking around a lot.

### Views Folder
These contain my updated versions of Christian's scripts that mainly drive the progress bar calculations across autotracked goals and projects. The main differences I've made relate to what is tracked as a completed vs uncompleted task. The original scripts counts any task "not checked" as valid and needing to count as something to do. In my experience, and in my Obsidian, things like canceled tasks, questions, and pro/con tasks shouldn't count when tallying the number of items to complete when generating a progress bar.